# gameB_seed2_original.json  game_end=True  wall=649.3s  settings={'seed': 2, 'day': 90, 'vote': 30, 'night': 30, 'lang': 'en', 'temperature': 0.8, 'out': 'spike_v2_seed2.json', 'no_teammates': False}
roles: player-0=werewolf, player-1=guard, player-2=werewolf, player-3=seer, player-4=madman, player-5=villager, player-6=medium, player-7=villager, player-8=villager

public facts:
  Day 1 vote tallies: {'player-0': 1, 'player-4': 8} -> player-4.
  Day 1: player-4 was executed by vote.
  Day 1: player-3 was found dead in the morning.
  Day 2 vote tallies: {'player-0': 4, 'player-2': 2, 'player-6': 1} -> player-0.
  Day 2: player-0 was executed by vote.
  Day 3 vote tallies: {'player-2': 1, 'player-7': 5} -> player-7.
  Day 3: player-7 was executed by vote.
  Day 3: player-6 was found dead in the morning.
  Day 4 vote tallies: {'player-1': 2, 'player-2': 1, 'player-8': 1} -> player-1.
  Day 4: player-1 was executed by vote.
  Day 4: player-8 was found dead in the morning.

formal CO:

--- Day 1
player-6(medium): I'm still trying to figure out who the werewolves are. Does anyone have any reason to suspect a specific player right now?
player-0(werewolf): Good morning everyone, let's use the day wisely. Since we have no information yet, I propose we all vote to eliminate one person randomly to start the game.
player-1(guard): I'm ready to discuss. Has anyone been targeted by the werewolves last night, or are we just starting the day?
player-3(seer): I'm ready to listen to the discussion and help identify the werewolves. If anyone claims to have seen player-7 as a threat, I'd like to hear their reasoning.
player-8(villager): No one has claimed to see anyone yet, and it seems we are just starting the day. I agree with player-6 that we should wait for more information before making a random guess. Let's see if anyone has any initial suspicions before we vote.
player-4(madman): I agree with player-0 that we need to make a move, but since no one has claimed to be the Seer or Medium yet, I don't think we should eliminate anyone randomly without more discussion. Player-7, please speak up if you have any information to share about the night or your role.
player-7(villager): I haven't been targeted last night, so we are starting with a blank slate. Player-0, eliminating someone randomly today feels risky and might waste a potential seer or guard. Let's stick to discussing logic and identifying threats rather than just voting.
player-5(villager): I agree with the vote, but I think we should wait for any reports from the Seer or Guard before picking someone at random. Player-3, do you have any intuition about player-7's behavior?
player-6(medium): I agree with player-8 that we shouldn't rush into a random vote yet. Player-0, do you have any specific reason to target anyone, or is this just a proposal to get the day started? We need to be careful not to eliminate a villager early on.
player-0(werewolf): Player-4 is right that we shouldn't waste a vote randomly, but we also need to be proactive. Player-7, if you have information or a role that can help us, please share it now so we can make a smart choice instead of guessing.
player-1(guard): I agree with player-7 that we shouldn't just pick a random victim yet. Since we are on Day 1 with no roles claimed, I think we should wait for the Seer to reveal their information tonight before anyone is executed.
player-2(werewolf): I agree that we should wait for more information instead of voting randomly; it's risky to eliminate a potential seer or guard without proof. Player-0, since you suggested a random vote, do you have any specific reason to suspect anyone is a werewolf right now?
player-3(seer): I agree with player-7 that we shouldn't eliminate anyone randomly; we need to use our information wisely. Player-5, since you asked about my intuition, I just want to clarify that player-7 has no reason to be suspicious at this moment.
player-8(villager): Since we lack any role claims or specific accusations, I agree that a random vote is too dangerous right now. Let's all hold our votes and see if anyone volunteers to speak up with information or suspicions before we eliminate someone.
player-4(madman): Player-7, your hesitation to share information feels suspicious on Day 1; if you have a role or intel, now is the time to prove it. Player-0, since you're pushing for a target despite our lack of info, are you willing to take the heat if we eliminate a key ally by mistake? Let's wait for at least one person to confirm their identity before we vote.
player-7(villager): I agree that we shouldn't waste a vote yet, but we need to be careful about stalling too much. Player-0, do you have any reason to suspect a specific person, or is your proposal just to force a random elimination?
player-0(werewolf): I'm glad we're prioritizing information over a random vote, but let's not let fear of a bad guess stop us from acting. Since we have no night reports yet, I suggest we nominate one person to investigate or claim a role today, while the rest of us remain vigilant.
player-5(villager): I agree we shouldn't waste a vote yet, but we need to stay vigilant. Player-7, you mentioned not being targeted last night; could you confirm if you heard any movement during the night? This might help us identify if the werewolves are active.
player-1(guard): I agree with the majority that we should not vote randomly yet; eliminating a potential Seer or Guard now would be disastrous for our chances. Player-7, your hesitation to share any intel or role is suspicious given the pressure, so I'd like to hear your reasoning before we finalize our strategy.
player-7(villager): Player-5, I wasn't targeted last night, so I couldn't hear any movement, but I have no special ability to report anything anyway. Player-4, your accusation that I'm stalling seems odd given I've been trying to de-escalate the push for a random vote. Let's all agree to wait until the Seer or Guard makes a claim before we eliminate anyone.
player-6(medium): Player-5, hearing movement isn't part of the game mechanics; that's likely a red herring. I agree with the consensus to wait for the Seer or Guard to speak up before we eliminate anyone. Has anyone else noticed anything odd about player-7's refusal to claim a role yet?
player-4(madman): Player-7, your claim of hearing nothing contradicts your earlier statement that we aren't starting with a blank slate; if you truly have no intel, why are you so quick to dismiss the need for a proactive move? I still believe we need to identify a target or role claimer now rather than waiting indefinitely for someone to volunteer.
player-5(villager): Player-6, you are correct that hearing movement isn't possible; I was only trying to see if anyone had specific intel. Player-7, if you truly have no role or info to share, can you confirm you are just a regular villager so we don't waste a vote?
player-7(villager): I'm not stalling just to avoid suspicion; I'm a villager trying to keep the group calm. Let's agree to wait for the Seer or Guard to provide real information before we make any moves.
player-2(werewolf): I agree with the majority that we shouldn't eliminate anyone randomly yet. However, Player-7, your sudden insistence on hearing "no movement" despite having no special ability seems like an odd way to deflect pressure. If you truly have nothing to report, just say so instead of trying to sound like you investigated the night.
player-8(villager): I agree with the consensus to wait for a Seer or Guard report before voting. Player-7, your claim that you heard "no movement" is mechanically impossible since villagers cannot hear werewolves; please clarify if you are confused about the rules or just roleplaying.
player-0(werewolf): Player-4, your accusation that player-7 is stalling feels like a desperate attempt to justify a random vote when we have zero information. Instead of forcing a blind pick, I propose we ask player-5 to volunteer to act as the Seer for tonight; if they have an ability, let's see it before we eliminate anyone.
player-3(seer): Player-4, your claim that player-7 is stalling seems like a weak accusation based on their attempt to prevent a random vote. We need to focus on actual threats rather than paranoia about silence, especially when we have no night reports yet. Let's all agree to hold off on voting until the Seer or Guard can provide some information.
player-6(medium): Player-7's claim that they are just a villager seems convenient, especially given how quickly they dismissed the need for a proactive target. If you are truly a regular villager, why not propose a specific name to investigate rather than just saying "wait"? I suspect you might be hiding a role or protecting someone.
player-7(villager): I am a standard villager with no special abilities and cannot hear any movement at night. Player-8, your claim that I am confused about the rules is incorrect; I simply clarified that I have no intel to share. Let's wait for the Seer or Guard to speak up before we eliminate anyone.
player-4(madman): Player-7, your claim of hearing no movement is mechanically impossible for a villager, and your refusal to state your role or provide real intel is very suspicious. I still believe we need a target identified now rather than waiting indefinitely for someone to volunteer.
player-1(guard): Player-0, asking me to volunteer as Seer is a strange move since I have no ability to report anything. If you truly suspect player-7 of stalling, you should focus on them directly instead of forcing a role claim on me. Let's wait for the night report from the actual Seer or Guard before making accusations.
player-5(villager): Player-0, I cannot volunteer as the Seer since I am just a villager, and we should not let pressure force a bad guess. Player-7, your claim about hearing no movement is mechanically impossible for a villager, and I urge you to clarify your role instead of deflecting. We need real information before anyone dies.
player-2(werewolf): I agree with the consensus that we shouldn't eliminate anyone randomly yet. However, player-7, your insistence on hearing "no movement" is mechanically impossible for a villager; if you truly have no role to claim, just admit it instead of making up impossible details.
player-8(villager): Player-7, your insistence that you heard "no movement" is mechanically impossible since villagers cannot hear anything at night; please confirm if you are actually a villager or if you are hiding a role. Until we have a clear Seer or Guard to guide us, I still believe we should avoid making a random vote that could eliminate a key ally.
player-0(werewolf): I'm not forcing a vote on anyone; I'm suggesting we let the Seer speak up before we kill a potential ally. Player-7, since you claim to be a standard villager, why are you so eager to shut down the discussion rather than just staying silent?
player-3(seer): Player-4, your claim that player-7 heard "no movement" is factually impossible for a villager, so I reject your accusation of stalling. Since I am the Seer and have already checked player-7, they are safe, but we still lack any leads on the actual werewolves. Let's hold off on voting until we have better information than this.
player-4(madman): Player-7, your insistence on claiming you heard "no movement" is mechanically impossible for a villager and is a desperate way to deflect from your silence. I still believe we need to identify a specific target or role claimer immediately rather than waiting indefinitely for someone to volunteer.
player-6(medium): That's great news from the Seer; player-7 is definitely safe. However, I remain concerned about player-4, who has repeatedly accused others of stalling while pushing for a random vote. Given your claim that player-7 is safe, player-4 must be hiding the truth or is a werewolf themselves. Who else has a reason to push for a blind elimination?
player-1(guard): Player-3, you claimed player-7 is safe, which is helpful, but player-4's behavior of pushing for a vote while accusing others of stalling seems like a wolf tactic to create chaos. Can you tell us which specific players you checked so we can investigate their connections?
player-3(seer): Player-3, you mentioned checking player-7, but we still have two wolves out there; could you confirm if you inspected any other players to narrow down the list?
player-5(villager): Player-3, since you are the Seer and checked player-7, could you also check player-4? Their aggressive push for a random vote while accusing others of stalling feels like a classic wolf tactic to create chaos.
player-8(villager): Player-3, you have checked player-7, but I'd like to know if you've checked anyone else, especially since player-4 is pushing so hard for a random vote despite your claim that player-7 is safe. Player-4, please explain why you are so desperate to eliminate someone blindly when we have a Seer who has already started providing information.
player-2(werewolf): I agree with player-3 that we should wait for more information; player-4's constant push for a random vote while accusing others of stalling feels like a wolf tactic to create chaos. Player-5, please ask player-3 if they inspected anyone else besides player-7, as player-4 might be protecting another target.
player-2(werewolf): Player-4, your desperation to force a random vote while the Seer has already confirmed player-7 is safe strongly suggests you are a werewolf trying to create chaos. Since we know player-0 is your ally, I propose we both focus our attention on identifying your other teammate rather than making a blind move.

--- Day 2
player-0(werewolf): Player-2 is accusing me of being their ally, but that makes no sense if you're truly a werewolf and want to win. We need to focus on finding the real threats, not making wild claims that could get us both lynched. Player-3, since you checked player-7, could you confirm if you've inspected anyone else to help us narrow down the wolves?
player-6(medium): I agree with player-2 that player-4 is likely a werewolf trying to create chaos, but I need to know exactly who player-3 checked to rule out the second threat. If player-3 inspected player-7, were any other players checked to see if player-0 or someone else is safe?
player-8(villager): Player-3, you confirmed player-7 is safe, but you haven't revealed which other player you inspected. Player-4, your continued push for a blind vote while accusing others feels like a wolf tactic to distract us from the real threat. Can you tell us who you checked so we can start narrowing down the list?
player-7(villager): Player-2, accusing player-4 of being my ally without any proof is a dangerous leap that could backfire. Player-3, since you are the Seer, could you clarify if you inspected player-4 as well? We need to know who you actually checked before making any moves.
player-2(werewolf): Player-0, accusing me of being your ally is a desperate bluff; if I were a werewolf, I would never admit my partner's identity. Player-3, please list the specific players you have already checked tonight so we can focus our suspicion on the remaining unverified targets.
player-5(villager): Player-3, could you confirm exactly who you checked besides player-7? I remain concerned about player-4's push for a random vote; if they are a wolf, we need to know if they are protecting another target before we eliminate anyone.
player-1(guard): Player-3, you identified player-7 as safe, but you haven't revealed who else you checked. Knowing the status of player-0 and player-4 is crucial before we make any moves tonight.
player-0(werewolf): Player-3, since you are the Seer, please confirm if you checked player-4 as well; their aggressive behavior while others wait feels suspicious. If they are safe, we can eliminate the fear of a blind vote, but if they are the threat, we need to act before nightfall.
player-6(medium): Player-3, please confirm exactly which players you inspected besides player-7, specifically player-4 and player-0, so we can identify who is truly safe. Player-6 (me) heard that player-4 was executed yesterday, but since they were a villager, I suspect player-4 might be trying to shift blame to create chaos today.
player-0(werewolf): Player-3, please confirm if you checked player-4 as well; their aggressive behavior while others wait feels suspicious. If they are safe, we can eliminate the fear of a blind vote, but if they are the threat, we need to act before nightfall.
player-7(villager): Player-2, accusing me of being your ally without any proof is dangerous and could backfire on you. Player-3, since you are the Seer, could you please clarify if you inspected player-4 as well? We need to know who you actually checked before making any moves.
player-8(villager): Player-3, since you confirmed player-7 is safe, please tell us exactly who you inspected besides them; knowing player-4's status is urgent given their chaotic behavior. Player-4, your continued push for a blind vote while ignoring the Seer's reports strongly suggests you are hiding the truth.
player-2(werewolf): Player-3, if you truly checked player-4, please confirm they are safe now; their push for a blind vote yesterday was so suspicious it felt like a wolf tactic. Player-4, your insistence on acting without information while the Seer has been quiet is exactly the chaos a werewolf creates to cover their tracks.
player-1(guard): Player-3, since you confirmed player-7 is safe, please tell us exactly who else you checked tonight, especially player-4 and player-0, so we can identify who is truly safe.
player-6(medium): Player-3, since you identified player-7 as safe yesterday, can you please confirm if you have also checked player-4? Given their aggressive push for a random vote while everyone else waits, knowing if they are a wolf is crucial before we make any moves tonight.
player-7(villager): I remain confused by the constant focus on my past claims rather than the current lack of information. Player-3, since you are the Seer, could you please confirm if you have checked player-4 or player-0? We need to know who is safe before we risk eliminating anyone.
player-5(villager): Player-3, please tell us immediately if you checked player-4 or player-0; we need to know who is safe before we vote. Player-4, your continued push to eliminate someone blindly while the Seer holds information feels like a desperate wolf tactic to create chaos.
player-8(villager): Player-3, please stop stalling and tell us exactly who you checked besides player-7. Player-4 is pushing for a vote, but we need to know if they are safe or if they are the wolf before we risk eliminating a key ally.
player-0(werewolf): Player-3, please confirm if you checked player-4 as well; their aggressive push for a blind vote while others wait feels suspicious. If they are safe, we can eliminate the fear of a random vote, but if they are the threat, we need to act before nightfall.
player-2(werewolf): Player-3, if you haven't checked player-4 yet, please do so immediately before we vote, as their chaotic behavior is highly suspicious. I am confident that once we confirm player-4's status, we will have enough information to identify the remaining threat.
player-7(villager): I am growing increasingly frustrated that player-3, the Seer, refuses to reveal the results of checking any other players besides myself. We need to know who is safe before we risk eliminating a villager like player-4. If player-3 is protecting someone, we will never find the wolves.
player-6(medium): Player-3, you have confirmed player-7 is safe, but you haven't yet revealed if you checked player-4. Given that player-4 was executed yesterday as a non-werewolf, their current push for a blind vote feels like a desperate wolf tactic to create chaos while avoiding scrutiny. Please confirm player-4's status tonight so we can stop guessing.
player-1(guard): Player-3, you have checked player-7 twice now, but we still have no idea if player-4 is safe. Since player-4 is pushing so hard for a vote, could you please confirm their status immediately?
player-0(werewolf): Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please confirm immediately whether player-4 is safe or if they are a wolf; their push for a blind vote while others wait is a classic tactic to create chaos and hide their identity.
player-5(villager): Player-3, the lack of updates on player-0 and player-4 is highly unusual; if you are truly the Seer, why haven't you checked the players who are pushing for a vote? Player-4, your continued insistence on a blind elimination despite the Seer's silence feels like a desperate wolf tactic to create chaos. Please confirm immediately if you have checked player-4 so we can stop guessing.
player-7(villager): I'm just a regular villager with no special abilities, and I'm completely confused by everyone's fixation on my past comments. Player-3, since you are the Seer, could you please finally tell us exactly who you have checked so we can stop guessing and focus on the real threats? We need to know who is safe before we eliminate anyone.
player-8(villager): Player-3, you've confirmed player-7 is safe, but you're still refusing to tell us who else you checked. Player-4 is pushing hard for a vote while you hold back information; please reveal the status of player-0 and player-4 immediately so we can identify the real threats.
player-2(werewolf): Player-3, if you're truly the Seer, why have you checked player-7 repeatedly instead of verifying player-4's status, especially given their suspicious push for a blind vote? Please confirm immediately if they are safe or a wolf so we can act.
player-5(villager): Player-3, please stop stalling and tell us if you checked player-4 or player-0; player-4's desperate push for a blind vote while you hold the answers feels like a clear wolf tactic to create chaos. If you haven't checked them yet, do it immediately before we risk eliminating an ally or a wolf by blind vote.
player-1(guard): Player-3, you have confirmed player-7 is safe, but the group is now paralyzed because you refuse to reveal if you checked player-4 or player-0. Player-4's desperate push for a blind vote while you hold information strongly suggests they are a wolf trying to create chaos. Please confirm their status immediately so we can stop guessing and identify the real threat.
player-6(medium): The Medium result confirms that the player-4 executed yesterday was NOT a werewolf. Given that player-4 is aggressively pushing for a blind vote while claiming I'm suspicious, they are likely trying to create chaos to hide their true nature or protect an ally. Please tell us which players you have checked tonight so we can verify who is actually safe.
player-8(villager): Player-3, if you are the Seer, the only way to break this deadlock is to reveal exactly who you have checked tonight. Your refusal to name player-4 or player-0 is fueling the chaos player-4 is trying to create, and we cannot risk lynching a potential ally while two wolves remain hidden.
player-2(werewolf): Player-4, your desperation to force a blind vote while the Seer holds critical information is the classic behavior of a werewolf trying to create chaos. Player-3, please confirm immediately if you have checked player-4 so we can stop wasting time and identify the real threat.
player-5(villager): Player-3, please stop stalling and confirm immediately if you checked player-4. Their desperate push for a blind vote while you hold the answers is a classic wolf tactic to create chaos. If you haven't checked them yet, do it now before we risk lynching an ally or wasting another night.

--- Day 3
player-1(guard): Player-3, the pressure to check player-4 is mounting, but we must remember player-4 was executed yesterday as a non-wolf. If you haven't checked them tonight, please do so immediately to confirm their status before we risk another blind vote.
player-8(villager): Player-3, your silence on player-4's status is suspicious enough to make me worry about the Seer role, especially with player-4 pushing for a blind vote. Player-7, you claimed to have no abilities, but you've been defending player-4 aggressively; if you are a villager, why aren't you helping us identify the real threats instead of justifying a wolf's behavior?
player-5(villager): Player-3, you've checked player-7 repeatedly since Day 1, yet you still haven't confirmed if player-4 is safe despite their aggressive push for a vote. If you are truly the Seer, please tell us immediately if you checked player-4 tonight so we can stop wasting time guessing.
player-6(medium): The Medium result confirms player-4 was not a werewolf, so the threat isn't them. Since we have player-0 dead and player-3 silent, player-7 is our only remaining target to verify as a safe villager.
player-7(villager): Player-8, your accusation that I am defending a wolf just because I'm confused by the Seer's silence is baseless. I am a villager with no special role, and I am simply asking for information to protect the group, not justifying anyone's actions. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please tell us the results of your second check immediately so we can move forward.
player-2(werewolf): Player-3, if you are the Seer and truly checked player-4, please confirm they are safe immediately; their aggressive push for a blind vote while you hold the answers is a classic wolf tactic to create chaos. We cannot risk lynching a potential ally while two wolves remain hidden, so stop stalling and give us the information we need to survive.
player-8(villager): Player-7, you claim to be a simple villager, yet your aggressive defense of player-4 while the Seer remains silent seems more like a wolf protecting their partner. Player-3, please stop stalling and reveal exactly who you checked tonight so we can finally identify the real threat before it's too late.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your claim that you are just a confused villager seems weak given how aggressively you've defended player-4. Since the Seer is silent and player-4 is pushing for a blind vote, could you clarify exactly why you believe player-4 is not the threat? We need to know who the wolves actually are before we vote again.
player-7(villager): I remain baffled by this deadlock; if the Seer is truly blind to the wolves, why won't they check player-4 or player-0 who are actively pushing for chaos? We cannot make progress without knowing who has been verified safe tonight.
player-5(villager): Player-7, your aggressive defense of player-4 while the Seer remains silent looks very suspicious to me; if you are truly a villager, why aren't you pressing the Seer for answers instead of protecting the target everyone wants to eliminate? Player-3, please stop stalling and tell us immediately if you have checked player-4 so we can stop wasting time guessing.
player-2(werewolf): Player-3, your refusal to check player-4 or player-0 while player-7 aggressively defends the latter is deeply suspicious. If you are truly the Seer, please reveal who you verified tonight so we can stop wasting time on blind votes.
player-7(villager): I am genuinely confused why everyone is fixated on player-4 when the Medium already confirmed they were a villager yesterday. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please tell us who you checked tonight so we can stop guessing and find the real wolves.
player-6(medium): Player-7, your aggressive defense of player-4 while the Seer refuses to check them looks like you are protecting a wolf, not just being confused. Player-3, the silence is deafening; please confirm if you have checked player-4 tonight so we can stop guessing and lynch the real threat.
player-8(villager): This deadlock is dangerous; player-7's aggressive defense of player-4 while we lack info on player-0 smells like a wolf protecting their partner. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, stop stalling and tell us immediately who you checked tonight so we can identify the real threat.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your aggressive defense of player-4 while the Seer remains silent is highly suspicious; if you were truly just confused, you wouldn't be protecting them so hard. Player-3, please tell us immediately if you checked player-4 tonight so we can stop wasting time and eliminate the real threat.
player-5(villager): Player-7, you are defending player-4 while the Seer remains silent, which makes no sense if you are a true villager. If you were checking for yourself, you should be demanding answers, not protecting a player who is clearly trying to create chaos. Player-3, please stop stalling and confirm if you have checked player-4 or player-0 immediately.
player-7(villager): I am still baffled by the focus on player-4 when the Medium already confirmed they are not a werewolf. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please stop stalling and tell us exactly who you checked tonight so we can finally identify the real threats.
player-2(werewolf): Player-7, your stubborn defense of player-4 despite the Medium's confirmation that they were not a wolf yesterday is the biggest red flag here. You are either a wolf protecting your partner or a confused villager acting against your best interest; either way, your alignment with player-4 makes you the most suspicious player in this room. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please stop stalling an
player-8(villager): The Medium already confirmed player-4 is a villager, so the real danger must be the wolves hiding among the players who aren't being checked. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, why are you ignoring player-0 while everyone else is being scrutinized? Please reveal your check on player-0 immediately before we waste another night.
player-6(medium): Player-7, your frantic defense of player-4 while the Seer holds no new info suggests you are protecting a wolf, especially since player-4 was confirmed safe yesterday. Player-3, if you are truly checking players, please reveal the result immediately so we can stop guessing and lynch the real threat.
player-7(villager): I am completely baffled by the accusations against me; I have never defended player-4, only asked for information to protect everyone. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please stop stalling and tell us exactly who you checked tonight so we can finally identify the real threats before it's too late.
player-1(guard): Player-7, the Medium confirmed player-4 was innocent yesterday, yet you are still defending them while the Seer ignores us? If you are truly a villager, why aren't you helping us find the wolves instead of shielding player-4? Player-3, please confirm immediately if you checked player-0 tonight so we can finally vote with confidence.
player-5(villager): Player-7, your intense defense of player-4 while the Seer remains silent is a classic wolf tactic to protect an ally. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please confirm immediately if you have checked player-4 or player-0 tonight so we can stop guessing and eliminate the real threat.
player-2(werewolf): The Medium confirmed player-4 is safe, so my focus has always been on the one remaining wolf: player-7. They are aggressively defending a known villager while demanding blind votes, which is classic wolf behavior to create chaos. Player-3, please tell us immediately if you checked player-7 tonight; we need to know if they are truly the threat you suspect.
player-6(medium): Player-7, you are the most suspicious player here; you claim to be confused yet you are the only one aggressively defending player-4 while the Seer ignores player-0, which smells like a wolf protecting their partner. Player-3, please stop stalling and reveal who you checked tonight so we can finally identify the real threat before it's too late.
player-8(villager): Player-2, accusing player-7 of being a wolf without the Seer confirming their status is reckless; we should wait for verification before voting. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please reveal exactly who you have checked tonight so we can stop guessing and save the village.
player-2(werewolf): Player-7, the Medium confirmed player-4 is safe, yet you're the only one aggressively defending them while the Seer stays silent. If you were truly a confused villager, you wouldn't be shielding a known innocent while demanding blind votes. Player-3, please confirm if you've checked player-7 tonight to finally identify the real threat.
player-6(medium): The Medium confirmed player-4 was safe, so the wolves must be hiding among the remaining players. Player-7 is the only one aggressively defending player-4 while the Seer stays silent, which is classic wolf behavior to create chaos. We need the Seer to verify player-7's status immediately, or we risk voting a villager based on false accusations.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your insistence on defending player-4 while the Seer remains silent is the only logical explanation for this deadlock. If you are truly a villager, you should be demanding answers rather than shielding a player who is already confirmed safe. Player-3, please confirm immediately if you have checked player-7 tonight; we cannot afford to waste another day guessing.
player-5(villager): Player-7, your refusal to accept that player-4 was verified safe yesterday is the only thing left that makes sense to me. If you are truly a villager, you would stop defending an innocent player and start pressuring the Seer to check the remaining targets like player-0. Player-3, please check player-0 immediately before we vote.

--- Day 4
player-5(villager): Player-7, you continue to defend player-4 even after the Medium confirmed they were safe yesterday, which is illogical for a true villager. Player-3, if you are the Seer, please stop stalling and tell us immediately if you have checked player-7 tonight.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your aggressive defense of player-4 while the Seer remains silent is the only thing that doesn't make sense for a villager. If you are truly innocent, why aren't you demanding answers instead of shielding a player who is already confirmed safe? Player-3, please confirm immediately if you have checked player-7 tonight so we can finally vote with confidence.
player-8(villager): I cannot continue defending player-7 while the Seer remains silent; their behavior is too consistent with a wolf protecting an ally. We need to focus on player-0, as the Seer's refusal to confirm their status is the only thing left that makes no sense. Please, Player-3, reveal if you have checked player-0 tonight before we vote again.
player-2(werewolf): Player-7, your continued defense of a player confirmed safe by the Medium is illogical for a villager; it looks like you are protecting a wolf. Player-3, please confirm immediately if you checked player-7 tonight so we can identify the real threat before it's too late.
player-5(villager): Player-7, your continued defense of player-4 while we ignore player-0 is suspicious; if you are a villager, you should be pressing the Seer to check the unknown threats instead of shielding an already confirmed safe player. Player-3, please confirm immediately if you have checked player-7 tonight so we can stop wasting time and identify the real danger.
player-2(werewolf): Player-3, please stop stalling and confirm if you have checked player-7 tonight; their illogical defense of player-4 while we ignore player-0 is a huge red flag that they must be a werewolf protecting their partner. We need to verify this immediately before we waste another night.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your continued defense of player-4 is the only logical explanation for this deadlock since their safety was confirmed days ago. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please stop stalling and confirm immediately if you have checked player-7 tonight.
player-8(villager): Player-7, you've defended player-4 repeatedly even after the Medium confirmed they are safe, which is exactly the behavior of a werewolf protecting an ally. If you are innocent, please stop shielding them and tell us immediately if the Seer checked you tonight. Player-3, silence on player-7 while the whole room is screaming is dangerous; confirm their status before we waste another vote.
player-2(werewolf): Player-7, your illogical defense of player-4 after the Medium confirmed they were safe is the only thing that makes sense to me as wolf behavior. Player-3, if you are truly the Seer, please tell us immediately if you have checked player-7 tonight so we can eliminate this threat.
player-5(villager): Player-7, your continued defense of player-4 despite the Medium's confirmation is a massive red flag; a true villager wouldn't shield a known innocent while we ignore the real threats. Player-3, please stop stalling and confirm if you have checked player-7 tonight so we can finally identify the werewolves.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your persistence in defending player-4 while the Medium has already confirmed their innocence is the only thing that still doesn't add up for me. If you are truly a villager, please explain why you are shielding a known safe player instead of demanding the Seer check your own status immediately. Player-3, the silence is deafening; please tell us tonight if you checked player-7 so we can 
player-5(villager): Player-7, your continued defense of player-4 is the biggest red flag; you're shielding a known safe player while ignoring the danger to player-0. Player-3, please confirm immediately if you have checked player-7 tonight so we can finally eliminate the real threat.
player-8(villager): Player-7, your refusal to accept that player-4 is safe and your continued defense of them while the Seer remains silent is classic wolf behavior. If you are truly a villager, stop shielding a known innocent and let us focus on eliminating the actual threat.
player-2(werewolf): Player-7, your refusal to accept that player-4 is safe and your continued focus on them while ignoring player-0 is the only logical explanation for this deadlock. Player-3, please confirm immediately if you checked player-7 tonight so we can finally eliminate this threat.
player-8(villager): Player-7, you've defended player-4 repeatedly even after the Medium confirmed they are safe, which is classic wolf behavior. If you are truly a villager, stop shielding a known innocent and tell us immediately if the Seer has checked you tonight. Player-3, the silence on player-7 while the whole room is screaming is dangerous; please confirm their status before we waste another vote.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your refusal to stop defending player-4 after the Medium confirmed their innocence is the only logical explanation for this deadlock. If you are truly a villager, please explain why you are shielding a known safe player while the Seer remains silent on player-0. Player-3, the silence is deafening; please tell us tonight if you checked player-7 so we can finally vote with confidence.
player-2(werewolf): The Medium confirmed player-4 was safe yesterday, so your continued protection of them is illogical for a villager. If you are truly innocent, explain why you shield a known safe target instead of letting us check the only remaining suspect, player-7. Player-3, please confirm immediately if you checked player-7 tonight; we cannot afford another blind vote.
player-5(villager): Player-7, you claim to be baffled by the focus on player-4, yet you are the only one aggressively defending them while the Medium already confirmed they are safe. A true villager would stop shielding a known innocent and demand the Seer verify the actual threats, not the other way around. Please stop stalling and tell us if you have checked player-7 tonight.
player-1(guard): Player-7, your refusal to stop defending a confirmed innocent while ignoring player-0 is exactly what a wolf does to protect their partner. Please, tell us immediately if you have been checked by the Seer tonight so we can finally make a decision.
player-8(villager): The Medium already confirmed player-4 is safe, yet player-7 continues to defend them while ignoring the lack of checks on player-0. If player-7 is a real villager, why are they shielding a known innocent instead of helping us find the real threat? Player-3, please confirm if you have checked player-7 tonight.
