# sim_4_noteam.json  result=werewolf  wolves_know_teammates=False
roles: player-0=werewolf, player-1=medium, player-2=werewolf, player-3=guard, player-4=seer, player-5=madman, player-6=villager, player-7=villager, player-8=villager

D1 player-3(guard): Let's get through the day without panic; I'm ready to protect someone tonight if needed. Who do you suspect might be a werewolf based on any initial vibes?
D1 player-1(medium): I'm not panicking, but I can't confirm who is safe or not yet. Let's focus on gathering info from the seer and medium first to avoid throwing anyone out blindly.
D1 player-5(madman): Agreed, we need clarity before anyone dies. Player-3, do you think the Medium or Seer will reveal themselves first tonight?
D1 player-3(guard): I agree that we need clarity, but I think we should focus on protecting someone tonight first rather than guessing who will speak up. Player-5, since you asked about the roles, do you have any initial suspicion on who might be acting suspiciously?
D1 player-5(madman): I don't have specific suspicions yet, but I think we should prioritize protecting a random villager tonight just to get our heads above water. If we waste the night guessing roles without a confirmed seer or medium, we'll be dead in the water by tomorrow.
D1 player-4(seer): I agree we need to protect someone tonight, but picking a random villager without a confirmed seer or medium is too risky. Since the seer can verify identities, I strongly suggest the seer makes their first inspection known immediately.
D1 player-0(werewolf): I agree that random protection is a waste of a night; we need to verify if a role is actually present. Player-4, are you suggesting the Seer should inspect themselves or someone else specifically?
D1 player-4(seer): I'm not suggesting the seer inspect themselves, but rather that the seer should immediately reveal who they inspected. Picking a random villager blindly is dangerous when we could be verifying the town's safety right now. Who do you think the seer saw last night?
D1 player-7(villager): I agree that protecting a random villager is dangerous without any verified roles. Before we decide who to protect, we need to know if the Seer or Medium is even present tonight. Who do you think was inspected last night, and did anyone speak up?
D1 player-2(werewolf): I agree that we need verified roles before making random moves, but rushing to name a seer without proof is just as dangerous. Player-0, did you actually inspect anyone last night, or are you just guessing who the seer is?
D1 player-0(werewolf): I never said I inspected anyone; I was just clarifying that we need the Seer's report to stop wasting nights on blind protection. Player-2, if you think I'm guessing the Seer's identity, what specific evidence makes you doubt my claim that we're in danger without verification?
D1 player-6(villager): The discussion on random protection vs. verification is valid, but we're stalling without a concrete plan. Player-0, since you're so confident in the need for verification, who specifically do you want the Seer to check tonight if no one has claimed that role yet?
D1 player-0(werewolf): I'm not the Seer, but if we don't know who the Seer is, we can't make an informed choice for protection. Let's just name one person to protect tonight and move forward.
D1 player-8(villager): I agree we need to protect someone, but naming one person blindly while ignoring the lack of verified roles feels reckless. Player-4, since you insist the Seer has already inspected someone, why hasn't they revealed that name to us yet?
D1 player-4(seer): I still insist that the Seer reveal their inspection immediately; delaying this is exactly how we get eaten. Player-7, you mentioned needing to know if roles exist—once the Seer speaks up, can we finally agree on a specific target to protect?
D1 player-7(villager): Player-4, your insistence that the Seer has already inspected someone feels like a stretch since no one has claimed that role yet. Until we have a concrete report, I remain skeptical and think we should focus on a solid protection vote rather than betting on an unverified inspection. Who do you think is most at risk right now if we don't act quickly?
D1 player-6(villager): We are stalling because no one has claimed the Seer or Medium yet, so we can't know if an inspection happened. Player-4, since you insist the Seer has already checked someone, can you name who they saw before we waste the night? If you can't, we should just vote to protect the person you suspect most.
D1 player-2(werewolf): Player-4, if the Seer has already inspected someone, why are we still arguing about who they saw? We need to stop spinning and agree on a target to protect immediately. Player-7, who do you think is the most suspicious right now?
D1 player-4(seer): Player-6, you are demanding I name a target before I've even seen my own night report, which makes no sense. If you can't wait for the Seer to speak up after the inspection, I'm forced to vote for you to protect tonight, as your push to skip verification is exactly how werewolves thrive.
D1 player-6(villager): Player-4, you are the only one acting on false assumptions since you can't name a single person the Seer inspected. Until someone actually claims the role or proves an inspection happened, voting for me is just a blind guess based on your stubbornness. We need to agree on a random protection immediately rather than waiting for a role that hasn't spoken up.
D1 player-8(villager): Player-4, your claim that the Seer has already inspected someone contradicts the fact that no role has claimed it yet. If you truly knew the result, you would know who to protect, not just accuse me of being reckless. Until someone speaks up as the Seer or Medium, we must vote to protect a random player to survive the night.
D1 player-1(medium): Player-4, I don't see any evidence that the Seer has already inspected anyone yet. Instead of accusing others of recklessness based on assumptions, let's just vote to protect one person tonight to ensure our survival.
D1 player-2(werewolf): The logic that the Seer has already acted is clearly flawed since no one has claimed the role; player-4 is likely bluffing to steer us toward a random protection. We should vote to protect player-4 immediately to silence their false accusations and prevent them from influencing our decision tonight.
D1 player-5(madman): Player-4, if the Seer has already acted, why are they still refusing to speak? Until there is a confirmed claim or a clear target, I think we should just vote to protect player-8 to keep the night moving.
D1 ** Votes: {"player-0": "player-4", "player-1": "player-4", "player-2": "player-4", "player-3": "player-4", "player-4": "player-7", "player-5": "player-4", "player-6": "player-4", "player-7": "player-4", "player-8": "player-4"}. player-4 was executed.
D2 ** Morning: player-7 was found dead.
D2 player-6(villager): Player-2 and player-4 are acting in unison to eliminate each other, which is a classic werewolf pattern. Since we lost player-7, we need to identify who protected us; the person who voted for player-4 last night is likely the werewolf. Who was left to defend player-4 when everyone else voted?
D2 player-1(medium): I completely agree that player-4's aggression was a wolf trap designed to waste our night. Since player-7 is dead, we must immediately name the person who saved us last night to identify the Medium or Guard, as they will surely speak up now.
D2 player-2(werewolf): Player-4's sudden death proves they were the guard who sacrificed themselves to save us; their aggression was a ruse to get a vote. Player-6, stop claiming player-4 is a wolf and admit that their only logical move was to eliminate the real threat last night. Who among you actually voted against player-4, or are you all just sheep following the herd?
D2 player-6(villager): Player-2, claiming player-4 was the Guard because they died is a massive stretch since Guards don't die from votes. You are the only one defending this theory, so I suspect you might be the werewolf trying to frame player-4's death as a save. Who actually voted for player-4 if we aren't sure who protected us?
D2 player-2(werewolf): Player-6, your claim that Guards die from votes is completely false; that is the exact kind of misinformation a werewolf spreads to confuse us. Since player-4 was the one pushing for reckless action, they were likely the wolf trying to split our focus, not a hero. We need to stop arguing over dead people and find the real threat among us now.
D2 player-6(villager): Player-2, your insistence that Guards die from voting is a blatant lie designed to confuse us; I know Guards are immune to the wolf vote. Since you are the only one defending player-4's death as a "save" without any proof, you are likely the wolf trying to shift blame. We need to focus on identifying who actually protected us last night instead of spinning false theories.
D2 player-2(werewolf): Player-6, you are desperate to pin the blame on me, but you're ignoring that player-4's death proves they were the Guard acting heroically. Player-2, stop defending a wolf trap and let's focus on finding the real threat among the living.
D2 player-6(villager): Player-2, your claim that Guards can be executed by a vote is a blatant lie meant to confuse us; Guards only die if the wolves find them. You are the only one trying to rewrite the rules, so I strongly suspect you are one of the wolves. Let's focus on finding the actual protector who saved us tonight instead of spinning false narratives.
D2 player-2(werewolf): Player-6, your insistence that I am the only one defending false rules suggests you are trying to spin a narrative that benefits the wolves. Since player-4 was eliminated by a unanimous vote, there is no protector to find, so let's stop wasting time and focus on who actually made sense yesterday.
D2 player-0(werewolf): Player-2, your claim that Guards die from votes is just as false as player-6's; we need to stop arguing about dead mechanics and focus on who was left to protect us last night.
D2 player-8(villager): Player-2, your claim that the Guard died from a vote is objectively wrong and sounds like a classic wolf lie to confuse us. Since player-4 was eliminated by a unanimous vote, there is no protector to identify, so we should stop arguing about dead people and focus on the living. Does anyone suspect player-2 of being the one trying to rewrite the rules?
D2 player-3(guard): Player-2, claiming I'm the only one defending false rules while you make up new ones yourself is a classic wolf tactic. Since player-4 was killed by a unanimous vote, there was no protector to save us, so we should focus on the living and not your confusing narratives.
D2 player-5(madman): Player-2, your claim that Guards die from votes is just as confusing as blaming player-4 for saving us; let's stop arguing over dead people and focus on who actually protected us. Since we lost player-7, we need to identify the role that saved us tonight rather than spinning false theories. Who among you actually voted against player-4, or are you all just following the herd?
D2 player-3(guard): I agree with player-5 that we need to stop arguing about dead mechanics and identify who actually saved us last night. Player-2, since you keep insisting player-4 was the Guard, can you explain exactly how a Guard can die from a simple vote? Until we know who protected us, we are guessing blindly.
D2 player-5(madman): We've been stuck debating the dead and confusing mechanics; we need to focus on the living. Player-3, since you're asking about our protector, can you finally tell us who you suspect is the Seer or Medium to stop our blind guessing?
D2 player-1(medium): We need to stop arguing about player-4's death mechanics and focus on the fact that player-7 died. Someone protected us last night, so let's identify who the Guard or Medium is to save our remaining members.
D2 player-8(villager): We need to stop arguing about impossible mechanics and focus on the living. Player-2, since you insist the Guard is dead, who among us has actually claimed to have protected anyone tonight?
D2 player-0(werewolf): Player-2, your insistence that Guards die from votes is objectively false and sounds like a classic wolf lie designed to confuse us. Since player-4 was executed unanimously, there was no protector to save them, so let's focus on finding the real threats among the living instead of rewriting the rules.
D2 player-8(villager): Player-2, you're the only one insisting the Guard was executed by a vote, which is factually impossible. That narrative fits the werewolf pattern perfectly, so I suspect you are trying to rewrite the rules to save your team. Let's stop debating the dead and focus on eliminating you.
D2 player-3(guard): Player-2, you keep insisting Guards die from votes, which is impossible and clearly a wolf lie to confuse us. Since player-4 was killed by a unanimous vote, there was no protector to save them, so we need to stop arguing about dead mechanics and focus on eliminating the real threats. Does anyone else want to call out player-2's rule-breaking behavior?
D2 player-1(medium): The discussion is getting stuck on impossible mechanics; we need to move past player-2's confusion and focus on the living. Since player-7 died, someone protected us last night, so let's ask if anyone actually has a night report to share about who was safe.
D2 player-5(madman): Player-2, your insistence on impossible mechanics is a classic wolf tactic to distract us; let's stop arguing about the dead and focus on identifying who the Seer is among the living.
D2 player-0(werewolf): Player-2, your repeated insistence that the Guard was executed by a vote proves you are trying to rewrite the rules to confuse us. Since the Guard and Medium don't get killed by voting, your "protect" theory is just a lie to cover up your wolf side. Let's move on and find the real threats among the living instead of debating your impossible mechanics.
D2 player-0(werewolf): Player-2 is clearly the wolf trying to confuse us with impossible mechanics; we need to focus on the living now. Since no one has claimed to be the Seer or Medium, let's just vote to protect player-1 to stop the wolves from targeting them.
D2 ** Votes: {"player-0": "player-2", "player-1": "player-2", "player-2": "player-0", "player-3": "player-2", "player-5": "player-2", "player-6": "player-2", "player-8": "player-2"}. player-2 was executed.
D3 ** Morning: player-6 was found dead.
D3 player-1(medium): I am shocked that player-6, who was correctly identified as a wolf yesterday, is now dead; the Medium must have made a fatal error. We need to immediately confirm if the Seer knows player-6's true identity to understand how they survived the execution.
D3 player-0(werewolf): Player-1, your assumption that the Medium saved a dead wolf is a classic wolf narrative to confuse us. Since player-6 was executed unanimously yesterday, they were likely the wolf we needed to remove, not a victim of a mistake. Let's focus on identifying the real threat among the living instead of chasing ghosts.
D3 player-1(medium): Player-0, you are twisting the facts to fit a narrative; player-6 was executed by a unanimous vote, not the Medium, so they were likely a wolf. Since player-2 (a confirmed wolf) was removed, player-6's death confirms the wolves were playing aggressively to avoid detection. Who else do you think is suspicious given player-6's death?
D3 player-0(werewolf): Player-1, your theory that player-6 was a wolf contradicts the fact that they died unanimously yesterday; wolves rarely survive when the entire village targets them. We need to stop chasing ghosts and identify who has actually claimed a protective role to help us survive.
D3 player-1(medium): I disagree that player-6 was a wolf simply because they were voted out; the Medium reported that player-2 was a werewolf, meaning player-6 was not a target. Since player-6 is dead, we need to focus on the living and confirm if anyone has a night report to identify the second werewolf before we vote.
D3 player-5(madman): Player-1, claiming the Medium saved player-6 from a unanimous vote contradicts the game logic; that narrative sounds like a classic wolf lie to confuse us. Since we lost player-6, we need to focus on the living and identify who the real threats are among us.
D3 player-1(medium): Player-1, since you know player-2 was a wolf, can you confirm if player-6 was also a wolf based on your last night's report? We need to know if the Medium saw a second wolf to decide who to protect.
D3 player-3(guard): Player-1, you are confusing the Medium's role with the Seer's; the Medium reports who the Seer inspected, not who survived the night. Since player-6 died unanimously, they were likely a wolf or a villager who wasn't protected, not a saved wolf. We need to stop arguing about dead players and vote to protect someone today.
D3 player-8(villager): Player-1, your claim that the Medium saved a player who was executed unanimously is illogical; the Medium only reports on inspections, not survival against a full vote. Since we've lost three players to wolves, let's focus on eliminating the remaining threats among the living instead of inventing impossible mechanics.
D3 player-5(madman): Player-1, your claim that the Medium saved player-6 from a unanimous vote is completely impossible; the Medium only reports inspections, not who survives a vote. Since we have lost three players already, let's stop inventing fake mechanics and vote to protect player-8 to keep the night moving.
D3 player-8(villager): Player-1, your claim that the Medium saved a player executed by a unanimous vote is a blatant lie designed to confuse us. Since we lost player-6 to a full vote, they were likely a wolf or an unprotected villager, not a hero. We need to stop inventing fake mechanics and focus on voting out the real threats among the living.
D3 player-3(guard): Player-1, you are confusing the Medium's role with the Seer's; the Medium only reports who the Seer inspected, not who survived the night. Since player-6 died unanimously, they were likely a wolf or an unprotected villager, not a saved target. We need to stop inventing fake mechanics and vote to protect someone today.
D3 player-8(villager): The game is moving too slowly with everyone arguing about dead players and impossible mechanics. We need to stop the speculation and actually vote to protect a living player tonight, or we will lose more people to the wolves. Let's just pick a random target and get it over with.
D3 player-0(werewolf): Player-1, your insistence that the Medium saved player-6 from a unanimous vote is a classic wolf lie; the Medium only reports inspections, not survival. Let's stop inventing impossible mechanics and vote to eliminate the real threats among us.
D3 player-3(guard): Player-1, your claim that the Medium saved player-6 from a unanimous execution is a blatant lie; the Medium only reports who the Seer inspected, not who survived a full vote. Player-6 was executed because they were likely a wolf or unprotected villager, not because they were saved. Let's stop chasing impossible mechanics and vote to protect someone tonight.
D3 player-5(madman): The confusion over dead players is costing us; we need to focus on the living right now. Since we've lost three people already, let's just vote to protect player-8 immediately to keep the night moving.
D3 player-8(villager): We need to stop arguing about the dead and actually vote to eliminate the remaining threats among us. Player-1 is confusing the Medium's role with the Seer's, so I suspect they might be the Madman trying to sow chaos. Let's focus on the living players and decide who to protect tonight.
D3 player-3(guard): I agree that we must stop obsessing over impossible mechanics and focus on the living. Player-1 is creating confusion about the Medium's role, which is a classic wolf tactic to stall the game. We need to immediately vote to protect someone tonight before the wolves get another chance to kill.
D3 player-5(madman): Player-8, accusing me of being the Madman is a classic wolf distraction since the Madman doesn't know who the wolves are. We need to stop inventing new roles for dead players and focus on identifying who actually has a night report to share.
D3 player-0(werewolf): Player-1's claim that the Medium saved player-6 is logically impossible since the Medium only reports inspections, not survival. Since we've already lost three players, let's stop debating dead people and vote to protect player-8 immediately to ensure we survive tonight.
D3 ** Votes: {"player-0": "player-1", "player-1": "player-8", "player-3": "player-1", "player-5": "player-1", "player-8": "player-1"}. player-1 was executed.
D4 ** Morning: player-5 was found dead.
D4 player-3(guard): The pattern is clear: player-6 died unanimously, and now player-5 is dead. Since player-1 was executed yesterday and player-2 before that, the wolves must be the ones claiming roles to confuse us. Who among the living can confirm if the Guard actually protected anyone last night?
D4 player-0(werewolf): Player-3, your insistence that a Guard must have acted is just another desperate wolf narrative; player-5 was likely targeted because we voted incorrectly yesterday. Since the wolves are clearly manipulating our perception of roles, we need to stop guessing and focus on eliminating the remaining threats among the living.
D4 player-3(guard): The logic regarding the Guard is getting confusing, but the pattern of deaths is undeniable: player-6 and player-5 were both killed by wolf attacks. Since I am the Guard, I will protect myself tonight to prevent further loss. Let's focus on eliminating the remaining threats among the living.
D4 player-8(villager): Player-3, claiming you are the Guard now is a desperate last-ditch effort to confuse us after losing so many players. Player-0, you've been arguing against the Guard narrative the whole time; do you think he's telling the truth, or is he trying to distract us from the real wolf?
D4 player-3(guard): Player-8, accusing me of lying about my role is a classic wolf tactic since the Guard cannot be executed by a vote. Player-5 died from a wolf attack, not a vote, so the Guard likely failed to protect us last night. We need to find the real threat among the living before we lose another player.
D4 player-8(villager): Player-3, you just claimed to be the Guard to deflect from player-5's death, but that's a classic wolf lie designed to stall the game. You have no night report and your logic is falling apart, so I believe you are the second wolf. We need to eliminate you immediately before the wolves turn the tide.
D4 player-0(werewolf): Player-3, claiming you are the Guard while admitting player-5 died to a wolf attack is a desperate lie designed to stall the game. Since you have no night report and are the only one making impossible claims, you are the real threat we need to eliminate. Let's vote you out before the wolves turn the tide.
D4 player-3(guard): Player-8, your claim that I am lying about being the Guard is a desperate wolf tactic to stall the game. Since player-5 died from a wolf attack, it proves we failed to protect someone last night, and I am the only one left capable of explaining that failure. We need to identify the second wolf immediately before they kill us all.
D4 player-8(villager): Player-3, your sudden claim that you are the Guard while admitting player-5 died from a wolf attack is a desperate lie designed to stall the game. You have no night report, and your logic is falling apart, so I believe you are the second wolf. We need to eliminate you immediately before the wolves turn the tide.
D4 player-0(werewolf): Player-8, claiming player-3 is the Guard to deflect from the deaths is exactly the kind of desperate narrative wolves use to stall. Since player-5 died to an attack, the real threat is the one spreading confusion about impossible mechanics; let's vote player-8 out immediately to save the rest of us.
D4 player-8(villager): Player-3, your claim that you are the Guard is the only logic-defying statement here; if you were truly protecting us, player-5 wouldn't be dead. Since you have no night report and are the only one insisting on impossible mechanics, you are the second wolf. Let's vote you out immediately.
D4 player-0(werewolf): Player-8 and Player-3 are clearly arguing in circles with impossible claims; Player-3's sudden role claim is a classic wolf distraction. Let's stop debating the dead and vote out Player-8 immediately to save the rest of us.
D4 ** Votes: {"player-0": "player-8", "player-3": "player-8", "player-8": "player-3"}. player-8 was executed.

LLM calls=110 mean=1.60s max=2.43s
